"There are only 10 kinds of people!" *Refuses to elaborate*
"This table is an object, this chair is an object, you are all objects."
"Teaching makes me feel young. Well one problem is... ahh never mind."
"When I was young... *In a louder voice* NO I AM STILL YOUNG"
"I completely ruined a coding project and didn't tell anyone. They wonder who and I stay quiet. That's our secret between us."
"Our next lab is killing people, and its an Asia Problem... most Asian ones are."
"Pythagorus once had a disciple who asked a dumb question. He killed his disciple. So when you ask me a question, be careful what you ask."
"If you don't know this I will be mad, but I can't kill you, so I can't give punishment."
"Next time I will print out a target for me to bang my head against the wall so people will look."
"When I was young there was a cartoon called Captain Hook. Any of you heard of it? What's Peter Pan? Yes Good. I am Asian but still enjoyed it."
"I lived in Western PA next to Iowa, it's a beautiful countryside. But in Summer, there are tons of stink bugs and so I would tape my windows shut. But they still find a way in. They don't fly often but when they do they make noise. At night I hear their noise and worry that they will fly in my mouth. *5 seconds of silence* its scary anyway Binary Search Trees"
"I understand that certain assignments you give up on due to circumstances, but do that with other teachers. Please do not do it with mine!"
"Once you learn it, its yours. No one can take that from you."
"This class is getting smaller and smaller, I can almost hear my echo."
"The last name sounds Polish, and the first name sounds uhhhh oh Jewish idk maybe."
"I hope some of you become famous computer scientists, then you will say I learned from Professor X. This will make 'US' famous."
"If you don't know how to divide and conquer others, then you're not a computer scientist."
"Any of you play that game War of God? No, huh, OH OH OH God of War yeah its like that one."
"Your future is bright. Don't limit your self, you never know what you can do. You just haven't learned it yet... you know maybe..."
"How many CS developers in the world? Log(n)! It's not that funny I guess, but it is true."
"I met someone who's last name was goodbye or goodmen or something. It meant something so I remembered it well."
"I might cancel the final, if its 8am, but don't worry, I would still find a way to torture you."
"Never Trust the Internet."
"Theres this theory called flat earthers. I like their spirit, but they are wrong."
"Now we must check all the white children. There are no other children so this one is now black."
"Listen, I am not okay with people doing other things during the lab... but if it's for Liverpool I can make an exception."
*Very Cool Pen flips* *Very Cool Pen flips* *Very Cool Pen flips*
"Have you all seen this, its a picnic for us CS majors. I wonder if they will have games? I won't play them but it would be cool."
"I watched that new Spider-Man movie, and there is this part I like, Spider-Man beats Dr. Strange and says something like 'Math is Awesome' or 'Math is better than Magic', yeah..."
"If you were to give me a raise I would be happy, you would be fired but- "
"I know in Britain they practice a 4-day week and are very successful, but we are in America so everyone please wake up and pay attention."
"Maybe because we have computers and phones, you are bad at reading!"
"Please don’t use your normal password for PostSQL, or else don’t be confused if you lose money in your bank account."
*drawing a diagram* "I do not have the talent of drawing... I drawed a laptop by the way" 💻
"The weather is terrible for reasons. One is the weather drops drastically meaning it easier to catch a cold. I want my students to be healthy.....healthy enough to show up for my class at least."
"This gloomy weather makes me not want to do anything, it makes me sleep. I would rather stay in my bed and watch an episode of any anime"
"hahaha，High Five! I am so happy today"
"No worry! Be casual and free to do anything (legal)"
"You need to encrypt your passwords, you don't want the bad man to get them"
"All of you are purely unique, you all have your attributes that are great, which is why I can assign you all to be basic."
"How can I possibly fit all of you into the database. I can't fit fresh bodies into it that's impossible."
"If you put me and you in parentheses, we are in a relationship now!"
"No no no you miss heard me, I want them to go to the hoes league" 
"May the force be with you"
"Please give a good, bloody, beasty name for each team"
